src/main/resources/assets/schematicenergistics/ae2guide/cannon_interface.md, before:

---
item_ids: 
- schematicenergistics:cannon_interface
- schematicenergistics:cannon_interface_part
---

# Cannon Interface

A block that allows the Schematic Cannon from Create mod to connect to AE2 storage and autocraft.

<GameScene zoom="2" background="transparent" interactive={false}>
    <Block id="schematicenergistics:cannon_interface" />
</GameScene>

## Usage
Place it next to a Schematic Cannon and connect it to an AE2 network. It will allow the cannon to access items from the network.
Only one Cannon Interface can be connected to a Schematic Cannon at a time.

<GameScene zoom="2" background="transparent" interactive={true}>
  <ImportStructure src="./structure/example.nbt"></ImportStructure>
</GameScene>

The Cannon will ALWAYS prioritize items from other inventories before accessing the AE2 network. This means that items from chest, barrels, etc, will be used first.

The Cannon Interface will also export gunpowder from the AE2 network to the Schematic Cannon, if it is connected to the network.

Right click it to open the GUI. You can now control the craft and export of items and gunpowder, as well as see the status of the connected Schematic Cannon.

## Recipe

<Recipe id="cannon_interface" />
<Recipe id="cannon_interface_to_part" />

Commit message:

feat: adds message for bulk crafting, changes guide to better explain bulk craft

src/main/resources/assets/schematicenergistics/ae2guide/cannon_interface.md, after:

---
item_ids: 
- schematicenergistics:cannon_interface
- schematicenergistics:cannon_interface_part
---

# Cannon Interface

A block that allows the Schematic Cannon from Create mod to connect to AE2 storage and autocraft.

<GameScene zoom="2" background="transparent" interactive={false}>
    <Block id="schematicenergistics:cannon_interface" />
</GameScene>

## Usage
Place it next to a Schematic Cannon and connect it to an AE2 network. It will allow the cannon to access items from the network.
Only one Cannon Interface can be connected to a Schematic Cannon at a time.

<GameScene zoom="2" background="transparent" interactive={true}>
  <ImportStructure src="./structure/example.nbt"></ImportStructure>
</GameScene>

The Cannon will ALWAYS prioritize items from other inventories before accessing the AE2 network. This means that items from chest, barrels, etc, will be used first.

The Cannon Interface will also export gunpowder from the AE2 network to the Schematic Cannon, if it is connected to the network.

Right click it to open the GUI. You can now control the craft and export of items and gunpowder, as well as see the status of the connected Schematic Cannon.


## About Bulk Crafting

Bulk Crafting will attempt to craft needed items before allowing the Schematic Cannon to begin building. 
If the crafting process is interrupted while in this stage (e.g, unloading the chunk, closing the game, stopping the crafting job, etc.) you may end up with more items than needed by the schematic, as the system will attempt to craft the missing items again.


## Recipe

<Recipe id="cannon_interface" />
<Recipe id="cannon_interface_to_part" />
